<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
  <head>
    <title>Technical Support for Kawa</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="docbook-epub.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="kawa.css"/>
    <script src="kawa-ebook.js" type="text/javascript"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL-NS Stylesheets V1.79.1"/>
    <link rel="prev" href="Overall-Index.xhtml" title="Index"/>
    <link rel="next" href="Projects.xhtml" title="Projects using Kawa"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header/>
    <section class="sect1" title="Technical Support for Kawa" epub:type="subchapter" id="Support">
      <div class="titlepage">
        <div>
          <div>
            <h2 class="title" style="clear: both">Technical Support for Kawa</h2>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <p>If you have a project that depends on Kawa or one of its component
packages, you might do well to get paid priority support from
Kawa’s author.
</p>
      <p>The base price is $2400 for one year.  This entitles you to basic
support by email or phone.  Per <code class="email">&lt;<a class="email" href="mailto:per@bothner.com">per@bothner.com</a>&gt;</code> will answer techical
questions about Kawa or its implementation, investigate bug reports, and
suggest work-arounds.  I may (at my discretion) provide fixes and
enhancements (patches) for simple problems.  Response for support
requests received during the day (California time) will normally be
within a few hours.
</p>
      <p>All support requests must come through a single designated contact
person.  If Kawa is important to your business, you probably
want at least two contact people, doubling the price.
</p>
      <p>If the support contract is cancelled (by either party), remaining
time will be prorated and refunded.
</p>
      <p>Per is also available for development projects.
</p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <div class="navfooter">
        <p>
          Up: <a accesskey="u" href="Community.xhtml">The Kawa Community</a></p>
        <p>
        Previous: <a accesskey="p" href="Acknowledgements.xhtml">Acknowledgements and thanks</a></p>
        <p>
        Next: <a accesskey="n" href="Projects.xhtml">Projects using Kawa</a></p>
      </div>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
