<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
  <head>
    <title>Acknowledgements and thanks</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="docbook-epub.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="kawa.css"/>
    <script src="kawa-ebook.js" type="text/javascript"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL-NS Stylesheets V1.79.1"/>
    <link rel="prev" href="Mailing-lists.xhtml" title="General Kawa email and discussion"/>
    <link rel="next" href="Support.xhtml" title="Technical Support for Kawa"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header/>
    <section class="sect1" title="Acknowledgements and thanks" epub:type="subchapter" id="Acknowledgements">
      <div class="titlepage">
        <div>
          <div>
            <h2 class="title" style="clear: both">Acknowledgements and thanks</h2>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <p>The author and project leader of Kawa is
<a class="ulink" href="http://per.bothner.com/" target="_top">Per Bothner</a>
<code class="email">&lt;<a class="email" href="mailto:per@bothner.com">per@bothner.com</a>&gt;</code>.
</p>
      <p>Kawa is a re-write of Kawa 0.2, which was a Scheme interpreter written by
R. Alexander Milowski <code class="email">&lt;<a class="email" href="mailto:alex@milowski.com">alex@milowski.com</a>&gt;</code>.
</p>
      <p>Thanks to Cygnus Solutions (now part of Red Hat) for sponsoring
the initial development of Kawa, and then transferring
their ownership interest to Per.
</p>
      <h4 id="idm139667881081696">Financial support</h4>
      <p>Ean Schuessler and <a class="ulink" href="http://www.brainfood.com/" target="_top">Brainfood</a>
provided financial support and encouragement.
</p>
      <p>Thanks to Chris Dean, Dean Ferreyra, and others
at <a class="ulink" href="http://www.mercedsystems.com/" target="_top">Merced Systems</a> for financial
support and other contributions.
</p>
      <p><a class="ulink" href="http://google.com/" target="_top">Google</a> through their
<a class="ulink" href="http://code.google.com/soc/" target="_top">Summer of Code</a> project
sponsored Charles Turner during Summer 2011 and 2012,
and sponsored Andrea Bernardini Summer 2014.
</p>
      <p>Thomas Kirk and AT&amp;T provided financial support, and useful bug reports.
</p>
      <h4 id="idm139667881076208">Various contributions</h4>
      <p><a class="ulink" href="http://jcubic.pl/" target="_top">Jakub Jankiewicz</a> contributed the Kawa logo.
</p>
      <p>Helmut Eller provided SLIME support, syntaxutils.scm, and many bug reports.
</p>
      <p>Daniel Bonniot for multiple small improvements
to gnu.bytecode and gnu.expr.
</p>
      <p>Jamison Hope for multiple contributions,
including quaternion support, the SRFI-14 implementation,
Ant improvements, and Google Summer of Code mentoring.
</p>
      <p>Jim White for Ant support and other improvements.
</p>
      <p>Bruce R. Lewis implemented <a class="link" href="XML-beyond-Scheme.xhtml#KRL" title="KRL - The Kawa Report Language for generating XML/HTML">KRL</a> and made other contributions.
</p>
      <p>Geoff Berry: Handle Exceptions attribute.  Other improvements.
</p>
      <p>Shad Gregory improved JEmacs.
</p>
      <p>Al Petrofsky improved gnu.math printing and added some IntNum methods.
</p>
      <p>Marco Vezzoli:  SRFI-1 tailoring for Kawa.
</p>
      <p>Albert Ting - old GuiConsole code.
</p>
      <p>Christian Surlykke ported JEmacs to use SWT.
</p>
      <p>Geoff Berry for various gnu.bytecode improvements.
</p>
      <p>Ivelin Ivanov and Tom Reilly for servlet support.
</p>
      <p>Anthony Green for Fedora packaging.
</p>
      <p>Charles Turner for pretty-printer improvements,
improvements in the Common Lips support, and other changes.
</p>
      <p>Andrea Bernardini optimized the implementation of <code class="literal">case</code>.
</p>
      <p>Julien Rousseau and Marius Kjeldahl contributed to Android support.
</p>
      <p>Peter Lane for many documentation improvements.
</p>
      <h4 id="idm139667881065152">Small fixes and improvements</h4>
      <p>Patrick Barta;
Joseph Bowbeer;
Dominique Boucher;
Alexander Bunkenburg;
Harold Carr;
Emmanuel Castro;
Álvaro Castro-Castilla;
Heather Downs;
Francisco Vides Fernández;
Nic Ferrier;
Oliver Flasch;
Weiqi Gao;
Luke Gorrie;
Mario Domenech Goulart;
Zvi Har’E;
Jeff Haynes;
Ethan Herdrick;
Joerg-Cyril Hoehle;
Elliott Hughes;
Mike Kenne;
Brian Jones;
Gerardo Jorvilleur;
Simon Josefsson (JEmacs menu);
Thomas Kirk;
Jay Krell;
Edouard Parmelan;
Walter C. Pelissero;
Rafael Jesus Alcantara Perez;
Lynn Quam;
Marcus Otto;
Terje Pedersen (some XQuery functions);
Matthias Radestock;
Ola Rinta-Koski;
Andreas Schlapbach;
Robert D. Skeels;
Benny Tsai;
Vladimir Tsichevski;
Matthieu Vachon;
Phil Walker;
Knut Wannheden;
Chris Wegrzyn.
</p>
      <h4 id="idm139667881062096">Bug reports and test cases</h4>
      <p>Seth Alves;
Khairul Azhar;
Bob Bane;
Hans Boehm;
Adrián Medraño Calvo;
Brian D. Carlstrom;
Luis Casillas;
Sudarshan S Chawathe;
Ken Dickey (format tests);
Helge Dietert;
Allan Erskine;
Marc Feeley (polytype.scm);
Margus Freudenthal;
Weiqi Gao;
Andrea Girotto;
Norman Hard;
Gerardo Horvilleur;
Yaroslav Kavenchuk;
Felix S Klock II;
Francois Leygues;
Mirko Luedde;
Leonardo Valeri Manera;
Kjetil S. Matheussen;
Alex Mitchell;
Alex Moiseenko
Edouard Parmelan;
Walter C. Pelissero;
Stephen L. Peters;
François Pinard;
Bill Robinson;
Dan Stanger (Eaton Vance);
Hallvard Traetteberg;
Taylor Venable;
Alessandro Vernet;
Tony White
John Whittaker;
Robert Yokota.
</p>
      <h4 id="idm139667881060288">Code ported from other packages</h4>
      <p>Kawa includes Free Software originally written for other purposes,
but incorporated into Kawa, perhaps with some porting.  A partial list:
</p>
      <p>Dorai Sitaram wrote pregexp.
</p>
      <p>The <code class="literal">rationalize</code> algorithm is by Alan Bawden and Marc Feeley.
</p>
      <p>Lars T Hansen wrote SRFI-11 (let-values, let*-values macros).
</p>
      <p>Olin Shivers wrote the SRFI-1 list-processing library,
and the SRFI-13 reference impementation.
</p>
      <p>John David Stone wrote SRFI-8 (receive macro)
</p>
      <p>Jussi Piitulainen wrote the SRFI-25 specification and tests.
</p>
      <p>Richard Kelsey and Michael Sperber wrote SRFI-34.
</p>
      <p>Anthony Carrico wrote the SRFI-37 reference implementation.
</p>
      <p>Panu Kalliokoski wrote the SRFI-69 reference implementation.
</p>
      <p>Donovan Kolbly wrote the srfi-64 “meta” testsuite.
Alex Shinn improved SRFI-64 portability.
</p>
      <p>Philip L. Bewig wrote the SRFI-41 (streams) specification and
reference implementation.
</p>
      <p>Simon Tatham wrote listsort.
</p>
      <p>Aubrey Jaffer wrote much of SLIB, some of which has been
imported into gnu.kawa.slib. He also wrote some tests we’re using.
</p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <div class="navfooter">
        <p>
          Up: <a accesskey="u" href="Community.xhtml">The Kawa Community</a></p>
        <p>
        Previous: <a accesskey="p" href="Mailing-lists.xhtml">General Kawa email and discussion</a></p>
        <p>
        Next: <a accesskey="n" href="Support.xhtml">Technical Support for Kawa</a></p>
      </div>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
