<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
  <head>
    <title>Projects using Kawa</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="docbook-epub.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="kawa.css"/>
    <script src="kawa-ebook.js" type="text/javascript"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL-NS Stylesheets V1.79.1"/>
    <link rel="prev" href="Support.xhtml" title="Technical Support for Kawa"/>
    <link rel="next" href="Ideas-and-tasks.xhtml" title="Ideas and tasks for contributing to Kawa"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header/>
    <section class="sect1" title="Projects using Kawa" epub:type="subchapter" id="Projects">
      <div class="titlepage">
        <div>
          <div>
            <h2 class="title" style="clear: both">Projects using Kawa</h2>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <p><a class="ulink" href="http://appinventor.mit.edu/" target="_top">MIT App Inventor</a>
for Android (formerly Google App Inventor)
uses Kawa to translate its visual blocks language.
</p>
      <p>The <a class="ulink" href="http://www.narrativeandplay.org/hypedyn/" target="_top">HypeDyn</a> hypertext
fiction authoring tool is written in Kawa. HypeDyn (pronounced "hyped
in") is a procedural hypertext fiction authoring tool for people who
want to create text-based interactive stories that adapt to reader
choice. HypeDyn is free to download and open source, and runs on
Linux, MacOS and Windows. This is a research project carried out at
the Department of Communications and New Media, National University of
Singapore.
</p>
      <p><a class="ulink" href="http://www.nuecho.com" target="_top">Nü Echo</a> develops high-performance speech
enabled applications. Nü Echo uses Kawa for the development of innovative
speech application development tools, like a complete 
<a class="ulink" href="http://www.nuecho.com/en/services/grammar.shtml" target="_top">grammar IDE</a>.
</p>
      <p><a class="ulink" href="http://www.mercedsystems.com/" target="_top">Merced Systems, Inc.</a> uses Kawa
extensively in their contact center performance management product
Merced Peformance Suite.  Kawa Scheme is used for all development
and has allowed Merced to realize the large productivity gains
that come with using Scheme while still maintaining tight
integration with a large number of Java libraries.
</p>
      <p>JEmacs is included in the Kawa distribution.  It is a project to
re-implement Emacs, allowing a mix of Java, Scheme, and Emacs Lisp.
It has its own <a class="ulink" href="http://jemacs.sourceforge.net/" target="_top">home-page</a>.
</p>
      <p>BRL (“the Beautiful Report Language") is a database-oriented language
to embed in HTML and other markup.
<a class="ulink" href="http://brl.sourceforge.net/" target="_top">BRL</a> allows you to embed Scheme in
an HTML file on a web server.
</p>
      <p>The <a class="ulink" href="http://schemeway.sourceforge.net" target="_top">SchemeWay Project</a> is a set of
<a class="ulink" href="http://www.eclipse.org" target="_top">Eclipse</a> plug-ins for professional Scheme
programming. The first plugin released, SchemeScript, is a fully-featured
Scheme
editor customizable in Scheme. It embeds the Kawa Scheme system and has
many features that ease Kawa Scheme programming (like code completion on
variable names, 
class and method names, namespaces, etc).
</p>
      <p>The Health Media Research Laboratory, part of the Comprehensive Cancer
Center at the University of Michigan, is using Kawa as an integral part of
its core tailoring technologies. Java programs using Kawa libraries are used
to administer customized web-based surveys, generate tailored feedback,
validate data, and "characterize," or transform, data. Kawa code is embedded
directly in XML-formatted surveys and data dictionaries. Performance and
ease of implementation has far exceeded expectations. For more information
contact Paul R. Potts, Technical Director, Health Media Research Lab,
<code class="literal">&lt;potts@umich.edu&gt;</code>.
</p>
      <p>Mike Dillon (<code class="literal">mdillon@gjt.org</code>)
did the preliminary work of creating a
Kawa plugin for jEdit. It is called SchemeShell and provides a REPL inside
of the jEdit console for executing expressions in Kawa (much as the BeanShell
plugin does with the BeanShell scripting language).
It is currently available only via CVS from:
</p>
      <pre class="screen">CVSROOT=:pserver:anonymous@cvs.jedit.sourceforge.net:/cvsroot/jedit
MODULE=plugins/SchemeShell
</pre>
      <p>STMicroelectronics (<code class="literal">marco.vezzoli@st.com</code>)
uses Kawa in a prototypal
intranet 3tier information retrieval system as a communication protocol
between server and clients, and to do server agents programming.
</p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <div class="navfooter">
        <p>
          Up: <a accesskey="u" href="Community.xhtml">The Kawa Community</a></p>
        <p>
        Previous: <a accesskey="p" href="Support.xhtml">Technical Support for Kawa</a></p>
        <p>
        Next: <a accesskey="n" href="Ideas-and-tasks.xhtml">Ideas and tasks for contributing to Kawa</a></p>
      </div>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
